1My school doesn't sell blazers in my size. What can I do aside from losing weight?
2When buying a blazer for women, should you go smaller or larger to avoid looking like a rectangle and to avoid looking bigger than you are?
3My gym shark leggings are seethrough. What can I do?
4Do you feel comfortable giving fashion advice to others?
5Can I wear a t-shirt and a Nehru jacket together with black jeans if I am 18 years old?
6My closet is virtually non existent. What do I fill it up with? Types of clothes, stores, brands e.t.c. I need advice on what clothes I should wear. I’m a 15 year old teen boy.
7Which colour tie would go with a purple shirt?
8What can I wear if I’m 32 and want to look a bit younger and in style?
9I'm a country girl, and I'm fairly tomboyish, and I have a lot of nice clothes (sweaters, blouses, skinny Jean's, etc.) That I wear often. So would I be perceived as a buckle bunny or a fake country girl?
10I am used to wearing hoodies, Jeans and sweatshirts even after starting to work. I find it comfortable, but I am interested in changing my clothing style to comfortable & smart (don't know what to name it). Where should one start from?
11For someone who is unfashionable, what is your advice to improve fashion sense?
12I am doing a paper presentation in a non-academic conference in the UK for the first time. What clothes should I wear? What do people normally wear?
13My prom is nearing and I want to wear a white tie tails tuxedo to prom. Is this okay?
14What tops go with pleated skirts?
15I love wearing mini skirts, but they ride up when I walk. How can I keep them in place?
16With a below the knee full skirt, is it alright to wear short boots?
17Who makes the call that what I’m wearing is fashionable?
18I’ve got a stunning formal dress (It’s long sleeved short and royal blue) and I’m going to a party. How do I make it more casual?
19What is the best way to wear my mom’s jeans?
20I’m short and I don’t like having big butt and big belly. It makes me look inappropriate when I dress up. Can I have any suggestions?
21Should I wear a blazer if I'm thin?
22How do you know if a dress is too small?
23I need to buy a good quality, but inexpensive handbag, for a dear friend in the USA. Any suggestions, other than the known names like Amazon, Target & Walmart? Maybe you can suggest a small shop/boutique that sells quality stuff without overcharging.
24What kind of outfits go with beige thigh high boots?
25I had clothes I used to fit easily in, but I gained a lot of weight. Can I still wear them?
26I'm buying my first winter coat. What tips do you have regarding size, look, materials, and mostly, prices? What's the lowest I could go and still get something good?
27I want to try wearing Jordan’s but I’m 5’7 with a size 11 foot. What shoes can I pull off?
28If I want to start making designer clothes (like Gucci), what do I start with?
29What kind of shirts should one wear under a blazer?
30I'm creating a list for my wardrobe from tops to bottoms to shoes with my inspiration being Korean fashion. I like the grunge, streetwear and athleisure side of Korean fashion. What should be on the full list?
31Someone told me that I am not supposed to wear white jeans because it is fall. Why? Should I stop wearing white jeans until the spring/summer?
32Does a red blouse go well with a black/white checked skirt?
33What are some informal ways of wearing a double-breasted blazer for men?
34I will be attending a Narnia themed ball soon. What are some outfit ideas that are lion-inspired, yet still sharp and formal? I am a man by the way.
35What colour shirt matches with navy blue jeans?
36How do you wear a little black dress in the winter?
37Would I be judged for wearing a poofy skirt?
38What outfit can I wear with this skirt?
39When I wear my women's skinny jeans, is it cross-dressing?
40I wear the same clothes at school every day and it seems that some of my teachers get the wrong impression about me. Should I care more about my style or should I keep my basic” one?
41Can I wear brown boots with black jeans?
42How can I fit into the “mean girl” (think Regina George) aesthetic if I’m a guy?
43I need comfortable cargo pants for work. What brand would you recommend for a woman?
44I'm wanting to slowly fill my closet with timeless and well made items that will last forever in place of fast fashion. What are brands and items that you would recommend (reasonably priced, nothing over $300)?
45Can you match a black A-line leather skirt above the knee with a black blazer?
46What would be an equivalent to Wonder Woman’s tiara/headband that you could wear casually? I really want to cover my forehead, it's too small and flat.
47How do I get a gerudo outfit?
48I have many white shirts and really like them. Which kind of pants should I mix with them?
49Why do I find wearing v-neck shirts so uncomfortable?
50I'm going to a formal fundraiser. Is it okay to wear sequins? The dress is black and it's not skimpy.
51My cosplay pants don't fit around my thighs. What do I do?
52If I have a black dress, can I pair it with black shoes (that have a little bit of silver at the heel) and a silver clutch?
53I want to become a fashion designer, but my family said I don’t have fashion sense. What should I do?
54I have Jordan 1 low sizing for 8.5, but I think it is a little bigger, but when I try for sizing 8, it feels uncomfortable. What size should I use?
55What shoes should I wear? I’m wearing jeans with a black belt and a white sweater tomorrow, but I don't know if I should wear my black Converse or my white Converse.
56I have always wanted to be ‘cute’ but everyone tells me that my face isn’t cute and that I don’t suit the style or act. What can I do to look better in a cute style?
57What are some recommendationsor tips for finding affordable formal dresses? I know there are websites like jjs house or alien express, but I've never tried them.
58What can someone wear with navy blue, high top shoes?
59I am 5'6" tall. I started out wearing kitten heels and now always wear 4" stilattoes. I want to go to 5". Is it advisable?
60Why do I keep getting cut-looking flats?
61I received a pleated skirt but the waistline is a little too small. I want to add an elastic waistband, but there’s a zipper in the back. How do I get rid of the zipper?
62I read that leotards are actually coming back in style. Would you wear one at all?
63I am going to start dressing like girls (dresses, skirts). What measurements should I take to measure my size? I am a boy.
64What color tie should I wear with a black suit and a white shirt? I have a fair completion if that matters. I’m looking at either a burgundy or deep purple.
65How do I wear a blazer jacket with jeans and matching blazers with denim?
66What are some men's fashion tips to become the best dressed guy you know?
67I can't find the boots I need for my cosplay. Can I make boots by using steel toe safety overshoes as a base and adding something like leather boot covers for the rest of the body?
68I am going to my first ever homecoming dance. What type of dress should I wear to homecoming?
69I'm starting to think that I should change my style of clothes even though I am wearing comfortable clothes and things I like. What should I do? Should I wear something else or not?
70I have a female body but women's button up shirts often strain across my back and shoulders and rip when bending and lifting. Would men's button up shirts work better or would having boobs cause other fit problems?
71What are the best style advice (shirts, polos, suits) for people with small forearms?
72I am looking for a dress to wear in my sister's wedding in November. I am confused about whether to go for Lehenga or should I go for saree? I am slim, height 5.6 ft and have a fair complexion.
73What shirt matches with green shorts?
74What advice can you give someone with no sense of fashion or style?
75I don't know how to dress anymore now that I am in my 30s, what style of clothes should I buy?
76As a 20-year-old boy, what else can I wear as I am bored of wearing jeans, t-shirts, and shirts?
77I bought a GOWN for homecoming, but I'm worried it may be too much and I don’t have time to return the dress. What should I do?
78If I wear a 26x30 in American Eagle jeans, what size would I wear in Hollister jeans?
79I’m 30-something and have a lot of health problems. I want to buy new clothes to help build my self esteem, but I don’t even know where to start. I’ve only worn jeans & t-shirts for years. I’m on a tight budget. Where should I start?
80What are some style and fashion tips for a petite woman (5’) who wants to look more adult and be taken more seriously?
81My mom bought me this long red plaid shirt merged with a hoodie (it has a hood and hoodie straps). What should I wear with it?
82I want my clothing style to be Biker. What do I need for this?
83I'm going to an art teen party at the NGV next weekend. What do I wear?
84I’m a total fashion disaster and am trying to work on it. What color jeans should a female wear with a black blouse? Do you have to wear black pants as well?
85How do you prevent or fix expensive denim from wrinkling in the wash causing a seemingly permanent dark crease line on the top of the waistline that makes it look like you tried to fold the waist over on itself?
86What style of dress should I wear for homecoming, 2019?
87What type of dress or skirt should I wear in public if I am a boy?
88Do black shoes look okay with navy blue slacks?
89Why am I seeing so many guys that are wearing women's jeans?
90Do you wear a t-shirt under a crew neck sweatshirt?
91How can I make a casual outfit look nice? I usually look like I rolled out of bed.
92I just started as a nail technician and I don’t know how to dress. I don’t have a ton of money and I need to look classy. How do I elevate my style?
93How do you keep body con dresses from slowly rising up or just dresses in general? I have this problem whenever I decide to wear a dress.
94What should I wear for my chacha's wedding? I am 16 years old and I am a bit short height and a very lean body. I don't know anything related to fashion. Can you post images of full clothes and shoes?
95How can I shorten my below the knee black dress to make it look like a mini dress?
96What fashion advice would you give to modern teens?
97What's your choice for the best outfit in a blazer?
98What outfits do you wear for parties this summer?
99What are some of your most neglected outfits?
100I've been told I look cheap by an ex boyfriend but I think it's simply because I'm blonde and dress slighty provocative. I'm still appropriately dressed and enjoy my style, what should I do?
101Why do some blazer jackets have fake pocket square chest?
102My stepmother never let me wear designer clothes saying "You can wear them when they're paying you for wearing them; What do you think of this statement?
103Why are Hermés ties better than regular ones?
104Is it okay to wear a buttoned up denim vest as a blouse with a midi-length flowing floral skirt with red sandals to a casual luncheon?
105I’m starting a new school tomorrow. What should I wear?
106I was given a nice pair of light purple shorts. What color shirt besides white can I wear that would match?
107How can you add a belt to an outfit without it looking bulky?
108What brand of high heels comes in size 13?
109What can I wear with a black leather mini skirt?
110Why is a fedora hat and a suit so noteworthy? My wife said a lot of women were scoping me and making eyes at the mall. This is far less common when I wear jeans and a t-shirt with tennis shoes.
111Which coloured topwear should I wear with golden leggings?
112If you can only wear 5 tees for a year, would you choose 5 blank tees or 5 graphic tees?
113I have a traditionally feminine figure, namely wide hips and bosom with comparatively small waist, but my taste in clothing generally goes towards the masculine side. However, masculine clothing rarely suits me: what should I wear?
114I just turned 21 & I'm having trouble transitioning from dressing boyish to dressing girly & more mature. Where should I start?
115I know very little about fashion. What are some shoes that I can use for working out but also every day activities? I want something that looks nice, but is not flashy or attention grabbing and more functional than anything?
116How can I add more accessories to my dress?
117Where should I shop if I don’t want to support “fast fashion”?
118I really want to get a pink prom tux, but my mom insists on me wearing what her grandfather wore which is black. What should I do?
119What should I do? My “style” doesn’t suit me (sporty stuff, I’m a girl) and I think I’d like a different style. I’m afraid & shy to tell my mom about the way I feel.
120Can Chelsea boots look good with a suit?
121What color shirt should I pair with a white skirt?
122What lipstick colour/shade would pair well with a brown dress?
123What sort of clothes do you recommend I buy for autumn/fall? I’m getting paid and looking for something nice to wear when I’m not in uniform.
124What is your favorite summertime daily outfit to wear? Why?
125I am going into middle school and don’t want to wear pink dresses anymore. What can I wear though, and what do I do if my mom asks me why I don’t wear pink that much anymore?
126How do you wear a dress that shows too much cleavage?
127What could I wear for my friend’s Sweet 16 if I’m not a fan of dresses?
128How do we make our jeans look posh?
129If I have five tops and five bottoms how many different outfits can I make?
130I’m very into clothes and I’m good with matching and avoiding tackiness. However, I’m tempted to invest in a zebra print shirt. As a self-respecting, straight man, is this risky?
131Which colour of tie would suit a peach coloured shirt?
132How do I accessorize a tube red dress which is fit and flare till a few inches above the ankle for my birthday?
133What should I wear with a maroon burgundy dress?
134I’m 180 cm tall and I weigh 79 kgs, but I don’t have belly fat. Would it look bad if I wear a satin dress to my prom?
135Which common-sense fashion advice doesn't work for you?
136I find most clothes don’t fit me well because of my larger chest. What are some style tips that will make my close fit better without just showing everything off?
137What are some of your favorite cropped top clothing styles? What do you typically wear with a crop top?
138If I dress up everyday, and when I wear something nice for a special occasion does it still considered as I dressed up?
139Who do you think is a more stylish between Beyonce and Alicia Keys and why?
140Who's fashion style do you prefer, Taylor Swift or Katy Perry?
